## User Story #1
As a user I want to be able to have a UI/UX to cleanly navigate through the sign up, sign in, and main app screens. No later then October 23, 2023.

## Acceptence Criteria
* Simple UI: Sign in and sign up button that logs user in then sends them into GroCalc App
* Place product logo on all screens in order to brand the GroCalc app
* Create a good color theme for the app in order to make GroCalc appealing
* Button that logs user in then sends them into GroCalc App

## User Story #2
As a user I want to be able to sign up and sign in to GroCalc with an email and password so that I can have personalized saved data. No later then October 23, 2023.

## Acceptance Criteria
* Save all user information to firebase backend
* Personalize UI/UX based on saved user information

## User Story #3
As a user I want to be able to evenly divide a cost amoung people so each one of my roommates pays their fair share no later then October 30, 2023.

## Acceptence Criteria
- Cost Divider: Complete cost of groceries and a selection of how many people will split the price, Should display price split evenly
* Save User Data: Save divided amount between sessions

## User Story #4
As an administrator I want to be able to display ads and collect ad revenue on grocalc so that GroCalc can collect ad revenue. No later then November 13, 2023.

## Acceptence Criteria
- Ads appear on the grocalc app
* Ad revenue is generated by users using grocalc 

## User Story #5
As a user I want to be able to see my groceries and roommates from any device so that I can calculate grocery costs from anywhere.

## Acceptence Criteria
- An existing user can see their roommates, groceries, and total from any device on which they're logged in
- Sort Items from least to greatest by "created column"
- Parse "addItemPage" data to be read and manipulated
- Ensure all items are valid inputs
- Implment local cache and wire up

## User Story #6
As a user I want to setup roommates names so that I can refrence who needs to pay for what items. No later then October 30, 2023.

## Acceptence Criteria
- Add a "+" button that allows a user to enter a name
- After entering each name a user can press a"save" button that saves the name to that app session
- At most four names can be entered after hitting the "+" button

## User Story #7
As a user I want to add items into a list in order to display what was purchased and what costs need to be divided. No later then October 30, 2023.

## Acceptence Criteria
- Add parsing and validation logic
- Create UI component and logic to add new a new item to the llist of items
- Create UI component to render list items already added.
- Add roomate selection to addItem screen
- Add local caching layer and wire up ui to back end

## User Story #8
As a user I want to be able to search up my roommates by IDs and add them as a friend in order to edit and view the same list of items.

## Acceptence Criteria
- Retrieve Freind Request Cache logic from firebase backend and connect to UI
- Finalize And Implement a UI for addRoomatePage
- Implement logic for creating and accepting friend requests

## User Story #9
As a user I want to be able to delete items from my list and have each of the item's purchasing roommate's cost be dropped in order to fix mistakes typed in. 

## Acceptence Criteria
- A person is able to remove an item from the list
- A person is able to see an updated list view
- A person is able to see an updated total cost for the roommates associated with the item

## User Story #10
As a Developer I want to add a backend component to Thunkable that reads the RTDB and displays all user items from RTDB onto items page from any device

## Acceptence Criteria
- Add cloud variables to sign in page that writes user objects into the RTDB
- Add cloud variables to thunkable that writes the added items into the RTDB

## User Story #11
As a user, I want to be able to set my chosen display name after/while signing up so that roommate selection is easier

## Acceptence Criteria
- User can chose a "display name" after sigining up
- "display name" is writen to firebase backend and stored under the user's data

## User Story #12
As a User I want to have a polished UI to navigate through the app and enjoy my experience.

## Acceptence Criteria
- Finalize UI for all pages
- Ensure all pages are organized
- Ensure all pages allow for ease of use for all app features
